Added line to latest release notes for updates to pp_save_rules.py (#4404)
SciTools/iris: docs/src/whatsnew/latest.rst

#. `@larsbarring`_ fixed :class:`~iris.coord_systems.GeoCS` to handle spherical ellipsoid
   parameter inverse_flattening = 0 (:issue: `4146`, :pull:`4348`)

> #. `@pdearnshaw`_ fixed an error in the call to cftime.datetime in pp_save_rules.py that prevented the saving to PP of climate means for DJF (:pull:`4391`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. `@pdearnshaw`_ fixed an error in the call to :class:`cftime.datetime` in mod:`~iris.fileformats.pp_save_rules` that prevented the saving to PP of climate means for DJF (:pull:`4391`)
```
